### COMPANY NAME
### BYLAWS 
### EFFECTIVE AS OF *DATE*, *YEAR*
* * * * *
#### ARTICLE I: MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS
1. *Place of Meetings*. All meetings of stockholders may be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as determined by the board of directors (the “Board”) or the chief executive officer, or if not so designated, at the registered office of the Corporation. The Board may, in its sole discretion, determine that the meeting shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication.

2. 	*Annual Meeting*. Annual meetings of stockholders shall be held on such date and time as shall be designated from time to time by the Board or the chief executive officer, at which meeting the stockholders shall elect by a plurality vote a Board and shall transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting. If no annual meeting is held in accordance with the foregoing provision, the Board shall cause the meeting to be held as soon thereafter as convenient, which meeting shall be designated a special meeting in lieu of annual meeting.

3.	*Special Meetings*. Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, may, unless otherwise prescribed by statute or by the Charter, be called by the Board or the chief executive officer or secretary at the request in writing of a majority of the Board, or at the request in writing of holders of a majority of the shares of the capital stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. Business transacted at any special meeting shall be limited to matters relating to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice of meeting.

4. 	*Notice of Meetings*. Except as otherwise provided by law, written notice of each meeting of stockholders, annual or special, stating the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be given not less than ten or more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting, to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting.

5.	*Voting List*. The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Nothing contained in this Section shall require the Corporation to include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting: (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the Corporation. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. If the meeting is to be held at a place, then the list shall be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. If the meeting is to be held solely by means of remote communication, then the list shall also be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information required to access such list shall be provided with the notice of the meeting.

6. *Quorum*. Holders of a majority of the shares of the capital stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business, except as otherwise provided by statute, the Charter or these Bylaws.

7. *Adjournments*. Any meeting of stockholders may be adjourned from time to time to any other time and to any other place, if any, at which a meeting of stockholders may be held under these Bylaws, which time and place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting shall be announced at the meeting, by holders of a majority of the shares of the capital stock of the Corporation, issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or by proxy, though less than a quorum, or, if no stockholder is present or represented by proxy, by any officer entitled to preside at or to act as secretary of such meeting, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present or represented, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.

8. *Action at Meetings*. When a quorum is present at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a majority of the shares present in person or represented by proxy, and entitled to vote on the question shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which by express provision of law, the Charter or these Bylaws, a different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question.

9. *Voting and Proxies*. Unless otherwise provided in the Charter, each stockholder shall at every meeting of the stockholders be entitled to one vote for each share of capital stock having voting power held of record by such stockholder. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders, or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, may authorize another person or persons to act for him by proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period.

10. *Action Without Meeting*. Any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing.

	A facsimile, email or other electronic transmission consenting to an action to be taken and transmitted by a stockholder or proxy holder, or by a person or persons authorized to act for a stockholder or proxy holder, shall be deemed to be written, signed and dated for the purposes of this Section, provided that any such facsimile, email or other electronic transmission sets forth or is delivered with information from which the Corporation can determine (A) that the facsimile, email or other electronic transmission was transmitted by the stockholder or proxy holder or by a person or persons authorized to act for the stockholder or proxy holder and (B) the date on which such stockholder or proxy holder or authorized person or persons transmitted such facsimile, email or electronic transmission. The date on which such facsimile, email or electronic transmission is transmitted shall be deemed to be the date on which such consent was signed. No consent given by facsimile, email or other electronic transmission shall be deemed to have been delivered until such consent is delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in Delaware, its principal place of business or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. 
Any copy, facsimile or other reliable reproduction of a consent in writing may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing for any and all purposes for which the original writing could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing.

11. *Action Held by Remote Communication*. If authorized by the Board in its sole discretion, and subject to such guidelines and procedures as the Board may adopt, stockholders and proxy holders not physically present at a meeting of stockholders may, by means of remote communication: (A) participate in a meeting of stockholders; and (B) be deemed present in person and vote at a meeting of stockholders whether such meeting is to be held at a designated place or solely by means of remote communication, provided that (i) the Corporation shall implement reasonable measures to verify that each person deemed present and permitted to vote at the meeting by means of remote communication is a stockholder or proxy holder, (ii) the Corporation shall implement reasonable measures to provide such stockholders and proxy holders a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the stockholders, including an opportunity to read or hear the proceedings of the meeting substantially concurrently with such proceedings, and (iii) if any stockholder or proxy holder votes or takes other action at the meeting by means of remote communication, a record of such vote or other action shall be maintained by the Corporation.

#### ARTICLE II: DIRECTORS
1. *Number, Election, Tenure and Qualification*. The number of directors that shall constitute the whole Board shall be not less than 1 or more than 4. Within such limit, the number of directors shall be determined (i) by resolution of the majority of the Board or (ii) by the stockholders at the annual meeting or at any special meeting of stockholders by vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of the capital stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote for the election of directors. The directors shall be elected at the annual meeting or at any special meeting of the stockholders, except as provided in this Article, and each director elected shall hold office until his successor is elected and qualified, unless sooner removed. Directors need not be stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, directors may be elected by written consent of the stockholders in lieu of an annual meeting; provided, that if such consent is less than unanimous, such action by written consent may be in lieu of holding an annual meeting only if all of the directorships to which directors could be elected at an annual meeting held at the effective time of such action are vacant and are filled by such action. Removal or resignation of sitting directors will be required prior to their replacement by less than unanimous written consent of the stockholders.

2. *Vacancies*. Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and the directors so chosen shall hold office until the next annual election and until their successors are duly elected and shall qualify, unless sooner removed. If there are no directors in office, then an election of directors may be held in the manner provided by statute. Except as otherwise provided by law, the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation (the “Charter”), or these Bylaws, in the event of a vacancy in the Board, the remaining directors may exercise the powers of the full board until the vacancy is filled.

3. *Resignation and Removal*. Any director may resign at any time upon notice given in writing or by electronic transmission to the Corporation at its principal place of business or to the chief executive officer or secretary. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless it is specified to be effective at some other time or upon the happening of some other event. Any director or the entire Board may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors, unless otherwise specified by law or the Charter.

4. *General Powers*. The Board shall manage the business and affairs of the Corporation and may exercise all powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by the Charter or by these Bylaws directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.

5. *Chairman of the Board*. If the Board appoints a chairman (the “Chair”), he or she shall, when present, preside at all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board. The Chair shall perform such duties and possess such powers as are customarily vested in the office of the chairman of the board or as may be vested in him or her by the Board.

6. *Place of Meetings*. The Board may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or without the State of Delaware.

7. *Regular Meetings*. Regular meetings of the Board may be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by the Board; provided that any director who is absent when such a determination is made shall be given prompt notice of such determination. A regular meeting of the Board may be held without notice immediately after and at the same place as the annual meeting of stockholders.

8. *Special Meetings*. Special meetings of the Board may be called by the chief executive officer, secretary, or on the written request of a majority of the directors, or by one director in the event that there is only one director in office. The person or persons calling the meeting shall provide two (2)-days’ notice to each director, either personally or by facsimile, email, commercial delivery service or similar means. A notice or waiver of notice or any waiver by electronic transmission of a meeting of the Board need not specify the purposes of the meeting.

9. *Quorum, Action at Meeting, Adjournments*. At all meetings of the Board a majority of directors then in office, but in no event less than one third of the entire board, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by law or by the Charter. For purposes of this Section the term “entire board” shall mean the number of directors last fixed by the stockholders or directors, as the case may be, in accordance with law and these Bylaws; provided, however, that if less than all the number so fixed of directors were elected, the “entire board” shall mean the greatest number of directors so elected to hold office at any one time pursuant to such authorization. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board, a majority of the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present. If, and at such times as, the Charter provides that directors elected by holders of a class or series of stock shall have more or less than one (1) vote per director on any matter, every reference in these Bylaws to a majority or other proportion of directors shall refer to a majority or other proportion of the votes of such directors.

10. *Action by Consent*. Unless otherwise restricted by the Charter or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee. 

11. *Telephonic Meetings*. Unless otherwise restricted by the Charter or these Bylaws, members of the Board or of any committee thereof may participate in a meeting of the Board or of any committee, as the case may be, by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment provided that all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.

12. *Committees*. The Board may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority to (a) amend the Charter, (b) adopt an agreement of merger or consolidation, (c) recommend to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the Corporation’s property and assets, (d) recommend to the stockholders a dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation of a dissolution, (e) prescribe a material change in the responsibilities of any executive officer, or (f) amend these Bylaws. Such committee or committees shall have such name or names as may be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the Board. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and make such reports to the Board as the Board may request. Except as the Board may otherwise determine, any committee may make rules for the conduct of its business, but unless otherwise provided by the directors or in such rules, its business shall be conducted as nearly as possible in the same manner as is provided in these Bylaws for the conduct of its business by the Board.

13. *Compensation*. Unless otherwise restricted by the Charter or these Bylaws, the Board shall have the authority to fix from time to time the compensation of directors. The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance of each meeting of the Board and the performance of their responsibilities as directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board and/or a stated salary as director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation or its parent or subsidiary corporations in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. The Board may also allow compensation for members of special or standing committees for service on such committees.

#### ARTICLE III: OFFICERS
1. *Enumeration*. The officers of the Corporation shall be chosen by the Board and shall be a president, a secretary and a treasurer and such other officers with such titles, terms of office and duties as the Board may from time to time determine, including a chairman of the board, one or more vice-presidents, and one or more assistant secretaries and assistant treasurers. If authorized by resolution of the Board, the chief executive officer may be empowered to appoint from time to time assistant secretaries and assistant treasurers.  Any number of offices may be held by the same person, unless the Charter or these Bylaws otherwise provide.

2. *Election*. The Board at its first meeting after each annual meeting of stockholders shall choose a president, a secretary and a treasurer.  Other officers may be appointed by the Board at such meeting, at any other meeting, or by written consent.

3. *Tenure*. Each officer of the Corporation shall hold office until his or her successor is chosen and qualified, unless a different term is specified in the vote choosing or appointing such officer, or until such officer’s earlier death, resignation or removal. Any officer elected or appointed by the Board or by the chief executive officer may be removed at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board, except that any officer appointed by the chief executive officer may also be removed at any time by the chief executive officer. The Board, at its discretion, may fill any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation. Any officer may resign by delivering written resignation to the Corporation at its principal place of business or to the chief executive officer or the secretary. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless it is specified to be effective at some other time or upon the happening of some other event.

4. *President*. The president shall be the chief operating officer of the Corporation and shall also be the chief executive officer unless the Board otherwise provides. The president shall, unless the Board provides otherwise in a specific instance or generally, preside at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board, have general and active management of the business of the Corporation and see that all orders and resolutions of the Board are carried into effect. The president shall execute bonds, mortgages, and other contracts requiring a seal, under the seal of the Corporation, except where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board to some other officer or agent of the Corporation.

5. *Vice-Presidents*. In the absence of the president or in the event of the president’s inability or refusal to act, the vice-president, or if there be more than one vice-president, the vice-presidents in the order designated by the Board or the chief executive officer (or in the absence of any designation, then in the order determined by their tenure in office) shall perform the duties of the president, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the president. The vice-presidents shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board or the chief executive officer may from time to time prescribe.

6. *Secretary*. The secretary shall have such powers and perform such duties as are incident to the office of secretary. The secretary shall maintain a stock ledger and prepare lists of stockholders and their addresses as required and shall be the custodian of corporate records. The secretary shall attend all meetings of the Board and all meetings of the stockholders and record all the proceedings of the meetings of the Corporation and of the Board in a book to be kept for that purpose and shall perform like duties for the standing committees when required. The secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board, and shall perform such other duties as may be from time to time prescribed by the Board or chief executive officer. The secretary shall have custody of the corporate seal of the Corporation and shall have authority to affix the same to any instrument requiring it and when so affixed, it may be attested by his or her signature. The Board may give general authority to any other officer to affix the seal of the Corporation and to attest the affixing by his or her signature.

7. *Assistant Secretaries*. The assistant secretary, or if there be more than one, the assistant secretaries in the order determined by the Board, the chief executive officer or the secretary (or if there be no such determination, then in the order determined by their tenure in office), shall, in the absence of the secretary or in the event of his or her inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the secretary and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board, the chief executive officer or the secretary may from time to time prescribe. In the absence of the secretary or any assistant secretary at any meeting of stockholders or directors, the person presiding at the meeting shall designate a temporary or acting secretary to keep a record of the meeting.

8. *Treasurer*. The treasurer shall perform such duties and shall have such powers as may be assigned to him or her by the Board or the chief executive officer. In addition, the treasurer shall perform such duties and have such powers as are incident to the office of treasurer. The treasurer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation and shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the chief executive officer and the Board, when the chief executive officer or Board so requires, an account of all  transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation.

9. *Assistant Treasurers*. The assistant treasurer, or if there shall be more than one, the assistant treasurers in the order determined by the Board, the chief executive officer or the treasurer (or if there be no such determination, then in the order determined by their tenure in office), shall, in the absence of the treasurer or in the event of his or her inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the treasurer and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board, the chief executive officer or the treasurer may from time to time prescribe.

10. *Bond*. If required by the Board, any officer shall give the Corporation a bond in such sum and with such surety or sureties and upon such terms and conditions as shall be satisfactory to the Board, including without limitation a bond for the faithful performance of the duties of his office and for the restoration to the Corporation of all books, papers, vouchers, money and other property of whatever kind in his or her possession or under his or her control and belonging to the Corporation.

#### ARTICLE IV: NOTICES
1. Whenever, under the provisions of law, or of the Charter or these Bylaws, written notice is required to be given to any director or stockholder, such notice may be given by mail, addressed to such director or stockholder, at his or her address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid, and such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time when the same shall be deposited in the United States mail. Unless written notice by mail is required by law, written notice may also be given by facsimile, email, commercial delivery service, other electronic transmission or similar means, addressed to such director or stockholder at his or her address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, in which case such notice shall be deemed to be given when delivered into the control of the persons charged with effecting such transmission, the transmission charge to be paid by the Corporation or the person sending such notice and not by the addressee. Oral notice or other in-hand delivery (in person or by telephone) shall be deemed given at the time it is actually given.

2. *Waiver of Notice*. Whenever any notice is required to be given under the provisions of law or of the Charter or of these Bylaws, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to said notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto.

3. *Electronic Notice*.

	1. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders given by the Corporation under any provision of law, the Charter, or the Bylaws shall be effective if given by a form of electronic transmission consented to by the stockholder to whom the notice is given. Any such consent shall be revocable by the stockholder by written notice to the Corporation. Any such consent shall be deemed revoked if (1) the Corporation is unable to deliver by electronic transmission two consecutive notices given by the Corporation in accordance with such consent and (2) such inability becomes known to the secretary of the Corporation or to the transfer agent, or other person responsible for the giving of notice; provided, however, the inadvertent failure to treat such inability as a revocation shall not invalidate any meeting or other action.

	2. Notice given pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section shall be deemed given: (1) if by facsimile telecommunication, when directed to a number at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (2) if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (3) if by a posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to the stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of (A) such posting and (B) the giving of such separate notice; and (4) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder. An affidavit of the secretary or of the transfer agent or other agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given by a form of electronic transmission shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein.

	3. For purposes of these Bylaws “electronic transmission” means any form of communication not directly involving the physical transmission of paper, that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved, and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an automated process.

#### ARTICLE V: INDEMNIFICATION
The following indemnification provisions shall apply to the persons enumerated below.

1. *Right to Indemnification of Directors and Officers*. The Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, any person (an “**Indemnified Person**”) who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a “**Proceeding**”), by reason of the fact that such person, or a person for whom such person is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust, enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) reasonably incurred by such Indemnified Person in such Proceeding. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, except as otherwise provided in Section 5.4 hereof, the Corporation shall be required to indemnify an Indemnified Person in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) commenced by such Indemnified Person only if the commencement of such Proceeding (or part thereof) by the Indemnified Person was authorized in advance by the Board.
2. *Prepayment of Expenses of Directors and Officers*. The Corporation shall pay the expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an Indemnified Person in defending any Proceeding in advance of its final disposition, provided, however, that, to the extent required by law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking by the Indemnified Person to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined that the Indemnified Person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Section or otherwise.
3. *Claims by Directors and Officers*. If a claim for indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Section is not paid in full within thirty (30) days after a written claim therefor by the Indemnified Person has been received by the Corporation, the Indemnified Person may file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim. In any such action the Corporation shall have the burden of proving that the Indemnified Person is not entitled to the requested indemnification or advancement of expenses under applicable law.
4. *Indemnification of Employees and Agents*. The Corporation may indemnify and advance expenses to any person who was or is made or is threatened to be made or is otherwise involved in any Proceeding by reason of the fact that such person, or a person for whom such person is the legal representative, is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation or, while an employee or agent of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust, enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including attorney’s fees) reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such Proceeding. The ultimate determination of entitlement to indemnification of persons who are non-director or officer employees or agents shall be made in such manner as is determined by the Board in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, the Corporation shall not be required to indemnify a person in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such person if the Board did not authorize the Proceeding in advance.
5. *Advancement of Expenses of Employees and Agents*. The Corporation may pay the expenses (including attorney’s fees) incurred by an employee or agent in defending any Proceeding in advance of its final disposition on such terms and conditions as the Board may determine.
6. *Non-Exclusivity of Rights*. The rights conferred on any person by this Section shall not be exclusive of any other rights that such person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, the Charter, other provisions of these Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.
7. *Other Indemnification*. The Corporation’s obligation, if any, to indemnify any person who was or is serving at its request as a director, officer or employee of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, organization or other enterprise shall be reduced by any amount such person may collect as indemnification from such other corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, organization or other enterprise.
8. *Insurance*. The Board may, to the full extent permitted by applicable law as it presently exists, or may hereafter be amended from time to time, authorize an appropriate officer or officers to purchase and maintain at the Corporation’s expense insurance: (a) to indemnify the Corporation for any obligation which it incurs as a result of the indemnification of directors, officers and employees under the provisions of this Section; and (b) to indemnify or insure directors, officers and employees against liability in instances in which they may not otherwise be indemnified by the Corporation under the provisions of this Section.
9. *Amendment or Repeal*. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Section shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any person in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification. The rights provided hereunder shall inure to the benefit of any Indemnified Person and such person’s heirs, executors and administrators.

#### ARTICLE VI: CAPITAL STOCK
1. *Certificates of Stock*. Shares of stock of the Corporation may be certificated or uncertificated, as provided under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. Every holder of stock in the Corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate, signed by or in the name of the Corporation in such form as the Board prescribe. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he or she were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. Certificates may be issued for partly paid shares and in such case upon the face or back of the certificates issued to represent any such partly paid shares, the total amount of the consideration to be paid therefor, and the amount paid thereon shall be specified.
2. *Lost Certificates*. The Board may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed. When authorizing such issue of a new certificate or certificates, the Board may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate or certificates, or his legal representative, to give reasonable evidence of such loss, theft or destruction, to advertise the same in such manner as it shall require and/or to give the Corporation a bond in such sum as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed or the issuance of such new certificate.
3. *Transfer of Stock*. Transfers of shares of the stock of the Corporation shall be made only on the books of the Corporation by the registered holder thereof, or by his or her attorney thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed with the Secretary of the Corporation, or with a transfer clerk or a transfer agent provided, and upon payment of all taxes thereon and, in the case of certificated shares, upon surrender of the certificate or certificates for such shares properly endorsed and payment of all taxes thereon or, in the case of uncertificated shares of stock, compliance with appropriate procedures for transferring shares in uncertificated form. The person in whose name shares of stock stand on the books of the Corporation shall be deemed the owner thereof for all purposes as regards the Corporation
4. *Record Date*. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty (60) days nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting, nor more than sixty (60) days prior to any other action to which such record date relates. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day before the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day before the day on which the meeting is held. The record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board is necessary, shall be the day on which the first written consent is expressed. The record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating to such purpose.
5. *Registered Stockholders*. The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and to hold liable for calls and assessments a person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware.

#### ARTICLE VII: CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS
1. *Transactions with Interested Parties*. No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association, or other organization in which one or more of its directors or officers are directors or officers, or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board or committee thereof which authorizes the contract or transaction or solely because his or her vote is counted for such purpose, if:
	1. The material facts as to his or her relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the Board or the committee, and the Board or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; or
	2. The material facts as to his or her relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or 
	3. The contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified, by the Board, a committee thereof, or the stockholders.
2. *Quorum*. Interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board or of a committee that authorizes the contract or transaction.

#### ARTICLE VIII: GENERAL PROVISIONS
1. *Dividends*. Dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation, if any, may be declared by the Board at any regular or special meeting or by written consent, pursuant to law. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the Charter.
2. *Reserves*. The directors may set apart out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and may abolish any such reserve.
3. *Checks*. All checks or demands for money and notes of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or such other person or persons as the Board may from time to time designate.
4. *Fiscal Year*. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be the calendar year unless otherwise fixed by resolution of the Board.
5. *Seal*. The Corporation need not maintain a corporate seal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may, by resolution, adopt a corporate seal. The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation, the year of its organization and the word “Delaware”. The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise. The seal may be altered from time to time by the Board.

#### ARTICLE IX: AMENDMENTS

These Bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed or new Bylaws may be adopted by vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of the capital stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereon, or by the Board, when such power is conferred upon the Board by the Charter, at any regular meeting of the stockholders or of the Board or at any special meeting of the stockholders or of the Board provided, however, that in the case of a regular or special meeting of stockholders, notice of such alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of new Bylaws be contained in the notice of such meeting; and provided further such alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption shall be subject to the express limitations herein.

**I CERTIFY** the foregoing to be a true and correct copy of the Bylaws of the Corporation as of the date first written above.

By: ________________________  
*SECRETARY NAME*, Secretary

